Previously on Legacies...
You know, I opened this
school to protect these kids.
How am I supposed to
protect them from stuff
that's not supposed to exist?
Landon was inside the walls
of this school because of me.
He had access to the knife
he stole because of me.
Whoever wields it has the
power to save the world,
or end all life as we know it.
A Neanderthal from Mystic Falls High
assaulted me with a milkshake.
So let's do what we got to do here.
Then let's go back to school.
- They don't want me there.
- I am not going without you.
All in.
- Kaleb, what are you doing?
- Look, we homies, right?
And I ain't hurting
anybody. Secret's ours?
- Why isn't she moving?
- The statue hurt her.
Sasha, what are you doing?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Come on, man. I'm the lovable virgin.
It's not my time.
I'm gonna open my eyes, and
everything's gonna be fine.
Opening my eyes in three,
two, one.
GhostFace?!
Boo.
Aah!
- Come on, man.
- Sorry, bruh. Too easy.
Oh.
Where were you?
Just got a little peckish.
Went out for a midnight snack.
Oh.
We good?
- Yup. All good.
- Good.
Night, then.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Given our recent influx of monsters,
Sheriff Donovan and I have decided
we need to take drastic action.
Please give him your full attention.
Like Dr. Saltzman was
saying, local girls
Dana Lilien and Sasha Stoteraux
didn't come home last night.
Dana sometimes skips town
for a few days to party,
but this is a first for Sasha.
Thank you, Sheriff Donovan.
Now while the knife is away with Dorian
and things are quiet on his end,
it won't hurt to assume the worst.
- If Dana and Sasha...
- ...Dude, if you don't stop mugging me.
You heard Ol' Blue Eyes.
Dana has a history of running away.
I saw you feed on her.
Yeah, feed.
Not kidnap. MG, I'm telling you...
Vampire to vampire... This ain't on me.
Now, I'll need a few of you to volunteer
to go to Mystic Falls High under
the guise of an exchange program
meant to improve relations
between our schools,
which, unfortunately, is
necessary, given recent events.
Now, I give you permission to
compel them, to gather materials
for locator spells,
because any information
we can get will make all the difference.
Well, I guess that I can
set aside my differences
with Dana for a day,
because that is what heroes do.
So... I volunteer as tribute.
She battles
one gargoyle, and suddenly,
she's Mother Teresa.
You're gonna be real embarrassed
when I prove you wrong.
I'm in.
I'm in, too.
I'd like to help.
Who are you,
and what have you done
with Hope Mikaelson?
I never got to go to a real school.
I've always wanted to know what it's
like to be a normal for a day instead
of being a tri-brid loner.
Yeah, well, that's a bed
you made for yourself.
Not looking for a social lecture.
So, what's your plan with Landon?
Does he, like, go here now?
Why? You still thinking
about murdering him?
'Cause there's a knife that
sat dormant for centuries
that started attracting
mythical creatures
the day he took possession of it.
I'd say there's a lot we
need to learn about him.
And then what? We kick him to the curb?
Then we decide to do what's best
- for the people of this school.
- Any idea what to do with him
while we search for missing mean girls?
As a matter of fact, yes.
Did they say anything about me?
No, not yet.
Everybody's been talking
about some missing girls
from your old high school.
Well, do you think
they're gonna kick me out?
They gave you some clothes.
- I think that's a good sign.
- From 1993.
Come on, man. We have both been places
where nobody has wanted us before.
- You know the drill.
- Yeah. Keep my head down,
- make myself useful, don't pick fights.
- Exactly.
We need today to go well, Ian.
No, we need this to go perfect.
Otherwise, I'm as good as gone.
Landon. You have a minute?
I think you might be of some use today.
Mystic Falls, we got claws.
On the field, you'll hear us roar. Rawr!
Sorry. Sorry.
I was making an entrance, mophead.
Sorry. I just had a...
a flashback to my freshman year here.
Girls are missing, so get your
wedgie trauma in check or leave.
He's fine now. Let it go.
Okay, here's the deal.
Landon, you talk to any of the people
you still know from when you went here.
Hope, you try to not
deliberately alienate
the entire student body while
the rest of us save the world.
- This isn't a contest, Lizzie.
- You're right.
It's a mission
for a hero and her league of...
- whatevers.
- Yeah.
Screw that. I work alone.
MG, I need your compulsion skills.
Would you like to be
the Robin to my Batwoman?
Actually, Batwoman doesn't have a Robin.
- She...
- Metaphor, nerd. Let's go.
You know, the wolves
usually eat outside.
I'd rather hang with you.
I didn't see you at the assembly.
Kind of still figuring
my way around this place.
Why didn't you ditch like
Landon and go play detective?
Well, I'm actually working
on offensive spells for class.
They only teach defensive magic here,
but I personally think that
the curriculum needs to evolve.
What?
Oh, nothing.
I'm still trying to wrap my head around
this being a normal conversation here.
Got it. So...
Meaning you're happy to be back?
I'll be happy when I
know that Landon can stay.
And then, what if he can't?
Bounce, witch. Rafael and I
need to have a little chat.
Soon as Josie and I are done.
Actually, newb, I'm your alpha.
You're done when I say you're done.
Well, would you look at the time.
As fun as this hurricane
of toxic masculinity is,
I have to get to class.
I'll walk you.
This is the senior hallway,
where I spent much of my formative years
stuffed in every
locker... except this one.
That one doesn't open. On your
left, you'll find the bathroom.
It's where I had my
first kiss with a toilet.
I'm sorry. Is the fact that
I'm not openly hostile to you
make it seem like we're
back to being friends?
Uh, sorry. Just, I was going
for effortlessly natural.
But this is all just
making me really nervous.
Like, the school and seeing
Connor and being with you...
Shouldn't you be talking
to anyone you know?
That's easier said than done.
There is no way Dana's
clique is talking to me
unless you have a spell that
will make me retroactively cool.
Well, I'll talk to them, then.
It's even worse for you. Trust me.
You have no idea how
human high schools work.
You're the new girl. Might as well
- be radioactive.
- I'm sorry.
You look traumatized. Is
this loser bothering you?
He keeps trying to get
me to buy his mix tape.
Gross.
Well, we're going to lunch. You hungry?
Famished.
Jogger called it in.
Yeah, the plates match.
It's Dana's car.
Think it's safe to say
she's not a runaway.
You said the creatures
were after a knife
- that you had sent far away.
- They are.
And I did.
This doesn't make any sense.
Ah, damn it.
Actually, it's starting
to make perfect sense.
What is it?
A vampire bite.
Nice form. You're one
of Dana's friends, right?
Jill, and my friendship
with Dana doesn't define me.
That was a joke.
Of course it does.
Cool, cool.
Tell me where Dana and Sasha are
and we'll get out of your hair.
More like split ends.
Shut up, Saltzman. And why are
you all up in their business?
Are all of you private
school kids this creepy?
Uh.
Okay, that's it. Hit the showers.
Compulsion fail.
Hope's probably doing
a victory lap by now.
What's with the performance anxiety?
I think you're distracting me.
I'm wearing polyester.
And you're totally pulling it off.
Get your head in the game, MG.
You have the school phone?
Where were you keeping it?
It's your dad. He trusts me.
You smell like gummy bears.
Answer it.
Okay.
Hello?
I need to talk to everyone.
- We split up.
- Lizzie.
I told you to work together.
In order to conquer, we
had to divide, Daddy.
So looks like you're gonna have to
trust your own gene pool for once.
Sorry to disappoint.
Look, I'm about to
tell you three things,
all equally horrifying, so
I need you to keep your cool.
Can you both do that?
Of course, no problem.
Okay. One: Dana is dead.
Two: A vampire killed her.
Three: I just told the sheriff
that we had nothing to do with it
so I need to know right
now that I am right.
Have either of you heard anything
about the vampires
at our school feeding?
- No.
- Nah.
We're not supposed to,
everyone knows that.
Okay. Good.
I'll call you back when I know more.
And I expect you to
be with Hope when I do.
You are a horrible liar.
Spill.
Hey.
Let me guess.
Pigtails spilled her guts and confessed
to kidnapping Dana
and Sasha. Case closed.
Her name's Cheryl,
and not exactly.
But she did invite me to try
out for the cheerleading team.
Who are you right now?
And what is that thing on your head?
It's a gift... from Cheryl.
You're better than this, Hope.
Relax, Eeyore.
Dana gave it to her.
It's potential locator spell material.
Plus, even though Sasha
and Connor are dating,
- Dana was sleeping with him behind her back.
- Yeah, some clue.
Everyone at this school
knows Connor's a dick.
Come on, Landon.
Adultery, missing girls...
It's like every TV show
that old people watch.
A "crime of passion,"
I think they call it.
I know Connor.
He's made my life a living hell,
but he's not a killer. Trust me.
Trusting you is what got us into
this mess in the first place.
Look. There he is.
So do you want to play
good cop or bad cop?
Because I don't think
"emo cop" is a thing.
Oh, very funny.
But while you were off making friends
I did some sleuthing of my own.
Scarf in Virginia heat?
Sounds like a lead,
I think they call it.
They're vampire bites, Ric.
If they said they didn't do it,
they didn't do it. End of story.
No, actually, it's just the
beginning, because now I have
to put a 17-year-old
girl in this body bag,
then lie to her parents about
what actually killed her.
Or maybe you forgot what it's like
to be on this side of that conversation.
It's not about sides.
Oh, yeah? Tell that to Dana.
I thought you said we
were gonna have lunch.
Yeah. Well, uh, one of us is.
Don't be afraid.
Let her go.
Date's over.
It's not me, it's you.
Now forget this ever happened
and get back to class.
Great.
Hope's already here.
Thought we were cool, bruh.
Don't "bruh" him.
Second place or not,
we know you killed Dana.
Wait. Dana's dead?
Dr. Saltzman said they found
her dead from a vampire bite.
I didn't kill her, so y'all need
to get the hell outta my face.
Come on, guys, let's go.
It's hero time.
To the Blondemobile.
Not so fast, Kaleb.
I told you, all I did was feed.
Torture me all you want to,
but my answer's gonna remain the same...
because I didn't kill Dana.
Uh, he's right.
What, so you're a mind
reader now, Landon?
Call it a hunch.
We were on the way to graffiti
that mill at your school.
It was a harmless prank.
But then I got snatched.
Next thing I remember,
I woke up in a ditch.
So enjoy it while you can, Lizzie.
I'm sure I look like crap.
Oh, my God.
What is that?
It's...
Someone help me out here.
It's the mother of all hickeys.
You're fine, Dana.
You're just a-a little slutty.
I don't even like any of you.
I should be talking to the cops.
- I can't let you do that.
- Ad somnum.
I mean, she can't let you do that.
So you didn't kill her.
You freaking turned her?
Turned her?
You think I want to sit and
listen to that for all eternity?
Well, someone did, meaning that we have
a transitioning vampire on our hands.
So what are we gonna do with her?
Foster kid. I've been looking for you.
I'll catch up with you later.
I got to get to class.
Look, uh, Jed, right?
I don't want any problems.
Neither do we.
We just want to initiate
you into the pack.
Okay. The process is simple.
You triggered your
werewolf curse this month,
which means you killed
somebody recently.
Maybe on purpose,
maybe not.
All you gotta do is tell us the story.
That's our rite of passage.
Yeah, I'm not really a pack kinda guy.
You still don't get it, do you?
You don't have a choice.
You can either submit or you
can bleed and then submit.
It's your call.
Hey.
I said, hey!
To be continued.
- Hey, are you okay?
- Get off of me!
Just stay away from me.
So let me get this straight.
Dana died with vampire
blood in her system
so she came back to life
and now she's in transition,
and she needs to feed or die?
Nailed it, bro. Easy decision, right?
- Huh.
- All right, so...
we give her human
blood, it's that simple.
Not everyone wants to be supernatural.
Some people just want to be normal.
Dana's traumatized, you
guys. This is a huge decision.
Maybe we should give her a day or two.
She'll be dead in a
day if she doesn't feed.
Oops.
I suck at math.
You should tell her the truth.
My guess is that she'd be psyched to be
at a place like your
school... I know I would.
You're awful quiet over there, MG.
I'm a feminist, bruh.
I'm not gonna tell Dana
what to do with her body.
Landon's right.
Ugh, fine.
Okay, but to be clear, she
is not joining drill team.
Surgere.
Did I pass out?
I don't feel so well.
We know how you feel.
And it's okay, you're just hungry.
Anorexia was sophomore year.
This is something else.
You'll feel better after
you feed. I promise.
Oh, shut up. For real.
Even thinking about
eating makes me want to...
Oh, damn. What'd that girl eat?
I think her soul just
got on my shoes. Ew.
I think I'm-a be sick, too.
Is this normal?
She's puking her guts out.
Literally.
Dana. Dana!
Should we call your dad?
Why? So he can take
another bullet for you?
No.
Because whatever did
this is not a vampire.
It's got to be another
monster from the knife.
Well, maybe the monster's been
right in front of us all along.
What...?
Are you serious?
Hey, none of this started
happening until you showed up
and stole that knife, which is exactly
what the other monsters came here to do.
- You saying it's a coincidence?
- Yeah.
Yeah. Yes, I am.
You believe me, right?
Got it.
Say no more.
- Raf. Raf.
- I told you to leave me alone!
No, I can't do that until you...
No, just calm down!
- It's not safe! Get away!
- Calm down.
Close your eyes and breathe.
Breathe.
Just like me.
Good.
Breathe.
That's more like it.
Was that magic?
No. Just...
years of practice with Lizzie, I guess.
- I didn't mean to scare you.
- No.
You can't scare me. Hey.
Hey.
What scares me is that you're
dead if you don't submit.
Hey, no,
it's just the way it is.
You're the one talking
about making change, right?
I meant adding an elective,
not launching a revolution.
- Josie...
- Jed's an alpha, okay?
You're a wolf. Okay? That's just
- the way it is. There's no other way.
- Josie.
Josie?
It's Sasha.
- Uh...
- Are you okay?
No, Raf, I think I'm stuck.
Raf.
What?
All right, come on.
Let's get this over with.
What's it gonna be? Toilet bowl?
Trash can?
Bloody nose?
Say something, you dick.
No, you made my life miserable.
You don't get to pretend I don't exist.
Nasty. Yeah, so, um, I'm out of here.
But little piece of advice...
Landon could be in there
right now eating fools.
So, I'll holla.
Come on, guys.
If it's not Landon, then
what else could it be?
Spider.
A big spider. An Arachne,
if you want to get specific.
This is nerd porn, not real life.
So were dragons and gargoyles.
The writer bases her
comics off of Greek lore.
An Arachne was originally
a beautiful woman who was
cursed by a jealous god
and turned into a giant spider.
Uh, all it wants is to
be human, so it wears
the skin of its prey to pass.
Oh, my God. Its-its fangs are huge,
so they could pass for a vampire bite.
And its bite liquefies its victims!
Plus, I found a web in Dana's hair.
That would explain why it couldn't
follow the knife out of town.
An SUV-sized insect
can't exactly hitchhike
unless it inhabits the body of someone.
- Who? Sasha maybe?
- My money is still on your boyfriend.
- He's not my boyfriend.
- If we had something from it,
we could do a tracking spell.
Would its face work?
This is bad. Whatever spun this,
it's gonna come back
and it's gonna eat us.
Can't you witch us out of here?
No, that's not how my powers work.
My sister and I, we come from
this specific witch bloodline
called the Gemini Coven.
Basically, we don't
have powers of our own.
We have to siphon them
from other things first.
So, that thing that you did earlier,
you siphoned power from a wall?
There's magic that
runs through the school.
It works on small spells.
Okay, can you siphon a wolf?
I mean, theoretically, yeah,
but my hands are stuck.
Unless...
That was unexpected.
Sorry.
Don't be.
Uh, did it work?
I don't know. The room's still spinning.
Hey!
Hey, we're trapped up here!
Connor?
Damn.
Whoa.
He's coming.
Josie,
now would be a good
time for one of those
offensive magic spells
you were talking about.
Ignarious.
All right, I think you got him.
Or we just pissed him off.
It's for you.
No way I'm telling your
dad what we're about to do.
I suck at lying.
You're great at it.
You're his favorite.
You're the hero.
Hi, Daddy!
Hey, thought I'd call,
check in, see how things are going.
So good.
Really? Define "good," Lizzie,
because I don't think that
involves me tracking down
Dana's body to the glove compartment.
Listen, Dad, it's fine.
We cracked the case.
It's a spider.
But, like, a big, huge,
nasty spider.
And MG's comic books
know how to kill it.
Comic books? Really?
Lizzie, listen to me,
whatever you're thinking
of doing, don't, okay?
So just tell me where you are,
and Matt and I will be right there.
And where is Hope?
I'm sorry, Dad.
You're gonna have to trust me for once.
Let's do this.
I think he's still out there.
Hey! Douchebag!
Oh.
I hate spiders.
- You need to get us out of here.
- Crap.
Uanascar.
Lizzie, I need your help!
Josie. Take my hand.
Repeat after me.
Imperium fluctus malleus.
Imperium fluctus malleus!
- Was she bitten?
- No.
You're gonna be fine. There
was a party in the woods.
You and Dana had the time of your lives.
But on the way home,
you guys were attacked
by a mountain lion.
You survived and Dana didn't.
There was nothing you could do.
Dana's dead?
Just take it all away.
Tell her not to feel anything.
You can't compel her not to grieve.
I'm helping her.
Tell her that it's gonna hurt.
It always will. Tell her that some
days will be harder than others...
but eventually she'll
remember the good times
she had with Dana, too.
Tell her to hold on to those,
because it's the key
to getting through this.
Are you sure that you want to do this?
You saw what they did to me.
I don't think going lone
wolf's an option anymore.
- Do you?
- Don't look at me.
I'm a twin. I don't do anything solo.
Look, after Cassie died,
I thought Landon was the
only pack that I'd ever have.
I didn't think that
I needed anyone else.
Be honest with me.
Is this school, these people...
keeping Landon here... Is it worth it?
This place is flawed.
Every single person here
is cursed in some way,
whether it's blood or just life.
Everyone has issues of their
own that they're dealing with.
But we're all in this together.
Every single person here,
we look out for each other.
So, yeah.
It's worth it.
Little help?
Medicine ball.
Jed and his boys
play for keeps.
Foster kid.
You back for more?
I killed my girlfriend.
It was an accident.
I was behind the wheel,
and I lost control.
When I woke up, I was in the hospital.
Landon had to tell me that she was dead,
and I don't know anything else.
Am I a part of the pack now?
Take a knee.
What?
You're gonna submit to your alpha,
you take a knee.
No, I'm just playing.
It's your ball.
- Do this, Rafael.
- You're in the next round.
So much for my plan to spend the day
as a normal teenage girl.
Did good back there.
Yeah.
Felt nice to be part of the team...
until you all accused
me of being a monster.
I'm sorry.
It's just gonna take us some time
- before we can trust you again.
- Yeah.
I got that. Repeatedly.
So let me lay this out
for you all at once.
I don't know why I
was drawn to that knife
any more than I can explain
why a supersized spider
inhabited the body
of a kid who used to
bully me in high school.
I don't know
why creatures we've
only read about in books
are making cameos in Mystic Falls.
I don't have an
explanation for any of this.
And let's be honest,
neither do any of you.
So as far as I can see, we're
supposed to be in this together.
And this morning, all I wanted to be
was sitting here. Part of all of this.
Spending time with you.
But all day long you ridiculed me,
and then you hung me out to dry.
When it mattered.
You wanted to know what
it's like to be normal?
Congrats, Hope.
You're officially normal.
I specifically asked you to wait.
- I know, but...
- No buts.
There are no buts, Lizzie.
Okay, being a hero
is not more important than being safe.
I'm not a hero, Dad.
The only reason
I was trying to be is because that's how
you're always treating Hope.
Let's be honest.
She's better at it than I'll ever be.
Hope is not the goal.
Hope is a cautionary tale.
And the reasons I trust her
are the last things I'd ever want
the two of you to experience.
That's why I founded this school.
That's why there are rules.
Well, the only reason
why we're alive today
is because we broke the rules.
Today Hope did a spell that saved us,
a spell that we would have known
if the school taught us offensive magic.
And then Lizzie almost died yesterday
because you didn't tell us
to be on the lookout for monsters.
The past couple of days have proven
that you cannot protect
us from everything.
We have to start learning
how to protect ourselves.
Oh, God.
Is this that moment they talk about
when parents lose all control?
- Dad.
All right,
I will take it under consideration.
Okay?
Now... go to bed.
I love you.
Sort of.
Where did that come from?
I guess I felt like
launching the revolution.
You sold me out!
Yeah, I know.
Lizzie caught me lying,
- and I-I just crumbled.
- What?
Dude, you got to know
who you stand with.
And it can't be with some girl
who thinks she's too good
to give you the time of day.
Vamps before tramps, remember?
Yeah.
N-No.
Look, I appreciate the rhyme,
but don't disrespect her like that.
We got enough monsters
out here as it is.
We cannot become one of them.
You're a puppet, MG.
The headmaster
and his daughter's little puppet.
- No, I'm not.
- No?
Then it doesn't bother you
that she bosses you around
and you just take it, right?
I mean, he makes you
run all his errands,
and you just take it.
Even today. They couldn't even
let the vamps out on our own.
They had to send the
witches to keep an eye on us.
Hell, they even make rules
about how we're supposed to eat,
but they don't tell us what
they're actually feeding us.
There's blood bags in that
refrigerator right there.
But not human blood!
What are you talking about?
You know what, man?
Ask yourself why you
don't see many rabbits
running around the yard around here.
Evening, Officer. Let me guess,
you're here to give me a medal.
Actually, I'm here to ask
you a few questions.
- About what?
- About why half
the Mystic Falls cheerleading squad's
wearing scarves around their necks.
Walk away, Matt.
I'll handle this.
Oh, don't pretend like you on my side
when you the one who told him.
Question is: who told you?
Lizzie? MG?
Actually, you just did.
I've had my suspicions,
but I could never confirm them.
So... what are you gonna do about it?
'Cause I know you ain't locking me up.
I've been doing this too long, Ric.
If your kids are a threat,
I'll be coming for them.
If you threaten my kids, Sheriff,
I'll be the one coming for you.
Yeah, well, I know why
it's quiet on your end.
We had a visit from an ancient
body-snatching spider today.
Wow, that's an...
interesting development.
Hang on a sec.
Listen, why don't you come home?
We were wrong.
Nothing's coming your way.
Hold that thought.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org